So, instead of using checkAndDispatch here,
what we want to do is actually create a real Redux middleware and use that instead.
So, the way we can do that is by creating a function,
we'll go ahead and call this checker.
Now, this pattern is going to seem a little bit
weird and even when you get used to it unfortunately,
it's still going to be weird but stick with me here.
So, when we add this checker middleware to our Redux store,
what's going to happen is it's going to be parsed the store as the first argument.
And then what we need to do is we return another function.
This function is going to be parsed next,
next is going to be the next middleware in line if we
have more than one middleware or it's going to be dispatch,
which is similar to what we're doing right here.
And then from there,
we want to return another function,
which is going to be parsed the action.
Now, this seems probably super unnecessary and that's reasonable.
The creators of Redux themselves have mentioned that this might have been a mistake,
this occuring pattern is what it's called.
But to avoid breaking changes,
they've just kept it as it is.
But it's important to know that we have our main function that returns a function,
that returns another function,
and then down here in this section,
we now have access to store,
next as well as the action itself.
So, now what we can do is let's grab all of this.
We can delete check and dispatch.
We will just space in right here.
Then let me fix the indention real quick.
So now, everything is almost exactly the same,
because we still have the action.
But instead of calling store.dispatch,
what we want to do is we want to call next.
Again, next is going to be if we have more than one middleware,
next is either going to be the next middleware in line or it's going to
be the dispatch function just as we had earlier.
So, now what we can do,
is let's go everywhere where we were calling
checkAndDispatch parsing in the store and we can change all of these
now to be store.dispatch parsing in our action creator as we had before.
And then now in order to tell Redux about our middleware,
what we need to do is as the second argument to createStore.
And this is going to look kind of weird because we have a bunch of
function invocations inside of other function invocations.
But right here as the second argument to createStore,
what we want to pass it is an invocation of
Redux.applyMiddleware and then we just pass in our middleware,
which is our checker function right here.
So, again what we've done is we've converted
our check and dispatch function to be an actual Redux middleware.
We've included that or we've told our store about that middleware by
passing an invocation of applied middleware as the second argument to createStore.
And now if we look at our application,
the functionality should be the exact same,
where we can add normal to do items and we can also come in here and
say "Invest in Bitcoin".
What we should get is an alert saying that's
a bad idea and then we don't go ahead and add that to the list.
So, now the last thing I want to change has
to do with how we're building out our middleware function.
We're still going to return a function which returns a function.
But you'll notice here if we use ES6,
this is going to look a lot cleaner.
So, what we can do is we have our checker function.
This is parsed the store.
That then returns a function which is parsed
next which returns another function which is parsed the action.
And then what we can do is copy all of
this and replace the body of our middleware here.
So, now instead of having a return and a return and a return,
technically it's still the exact same thing but by using arrow functions,
it looks a lot better.